Microsoft Dynamics CRM Feedback Privacy Statement
Last Updated: October 2015
At Microsoft, we are working hard to protect your privacy, while delivering products that bring you the performance, power, and convenience you want. This Privacy Statement explains many of the data collection and use practices of Microsoft Dynamics CRM Feedback. It doesn’t apply to other online or offline Microsoft sites, products, or services.
Except as otherwise described in this statement, Microsoft Dynamics CRM Feedback- Send a Smile/Frown doesn’t send personal information to Microsoft. Information that is sent to Microsoft isn’t shared outside of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your permission. 



Collection and use of your information
Send a Smile/Frown to Dynamics CRM allows you to send feedback to Microsoft and, if you want, include screenshots showing the specific compliment or concern you have. Although Send a Feedback doesn’t intentionally collect personally identifiable information, it is possible that such information might be captured in the feedback or screenshots you provide. Microsoft doesn’t use this information to identify you.
Send a Smile/Frown automatically collects some information about your application context, and Dynamics CRM program usage. This information is sent when you choose to send feedback.
Send a Smile/Frown generally collects information about:
* Application context, such as the module like sales or marketing, page information, Dynamics CRM version, browser version, and country/regional and language settings.
* Dynamics CRM program usage, such as how you reached this point in the application or the issue you are experiencing.
If you have chosen to participate in the Customer Experience Improvement Programs (CEIP), the information collected from your computer might be combined with other CEIP data to help Microsoft better understand your feedback, solve problems, and to improve the products and features customers use most often.
The personal information we collect from you is used by Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates to provide the services or carry out the transactions you requested or authorized, and it might also be used to request additional information on:
* Feedback you provide about the product or service you are using
* To provide critical updates and notifications regarding the software
* To improve the product or service, for example, bug and survey form inquiries
Except as described in this statement, personal information you provide isn’t transferred to third parties without your consent. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as:
* Packaging, sending and delivering purchases, and other mailings
* Answering customer questions about products or services
* Processing event registration
* Performing statistical analysis of our services
We only provide those companies with the personal information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Microsoft might access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, to:
* Comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process
* Protect the rights or property of Microsoft or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services
* Act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Microsoft employees, customers, or the public
Information collected by or sent to Microsoft by Send a Feedback might be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Microsoft abides by the Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Security of your information
Microsoft is committed to helping protect the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Microsoft might occasionally update this Privacy Statement. The last updated date at the top of the Privacy Statement is updated with every revision. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of how Microsoft is helping to protect your information.
How to Contact Us

Microsoft welcomes your comments. If you have questions about Microsoft’s privacy and security commitments, or if you have other technical or customer support questions, please contact Microsoft at http://support.microsoft.com/contactus/.

Microsoft Dynamics CRM Privacy Managers
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, Washington, 98052-6399 USA

Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is our data protection representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland. The data protection officer of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited can be reached at the following address: 
Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection
Carmenhall Road 
Sandyford, Dublin 18, Ireland



