Time Capture Concept App
Expense Capture Concept App
Work Assignments Concept App
Privacy Statement
Last updated: December 2015
This privacy statement governs the Time Capture Concept App, Expense Capture Concept App and 
Work Assignments Concept App (the "App"). It does not apply to other online or offline Microsoft sites, 
products, or services. Other privacy policies may also apply to information you process through the 
App, such as the policy of the organization through which you access Microsoft services. 
Collecting and Processing Your Information On Behalf of Our Customer
The App enables you to access your Microsoft Dynamics CRM instance from your tablet and phone 
device. In order to provide this service, the App processes and stores information, such as your 
credentials and the data you process in Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The App is provided for use only by 
end users of Microsoft customers who are authorized users of Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The App 
processes your information on behalf of the applicable Microsoft customer, and we may disclose 
information processed by the App at the direction of the organization that provides you access to 
Microsoft Dynamics CRM. Microsoft does not use information you process via the App for any other 
purpose.
The App may collect data about the use and performance of the App (e.g., how often it is opened, what 
functions are used, errors encountered), which may be analyzed for purposes of improving the quality, 
security, and integrity of this and other Microsoft apps, products, or services.  This information is not 
used to identify, contact, or target advertising to you.
If you use the App to connect to Microsoft Dynamics CRM online, by installing the App, you consent the 
transmission of your organization's or end user's id, or device id to Microsoft for purposes of enabling 
connections across multiple devices, or improving Microsoft Dynamics CRM online or the App.
The App may include links to other Microsoft services and third party services whose privacy and 
security practices may differ from those of Microsoft Dynamics CRM.  IF YOU SUBMIT DATA TO OTHER 
MICROSOFT SERVICES OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES, SUCH DATA IS GOVERNED BY THEIR RESPECTIVE 
PRIVACY STATEMENTS. For the avoidance of doubt, data shared outside of Microsoft Dynamics CRM is 
not covered by your Microsoft Dynamics CRM agreement(s) or the Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online 
Trust Center. We encourage you to review these other privacy statements.
How to Contact Us
Microsoft welcomes your comments. If you have questions about Microsoft's privacy and security 
commitments, or if you have other technical or customer support questions, please contact Microsoft at 
http://support.microsoft.com/contactus/.
Microsoft Dynamics CRM Privacy Managers
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way
Redmond, Washington, 98052-6399 USA
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is our data protection representative for the European Economic 
Area and Switzerland. The data protection officer of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited can be 
reached at the following address: 
Microsoft Ireland Operations, Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection
Carmenhall Road 
Sandyford, Dublin 18, Ireland
Changes
If we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" data at the top of the statement. 
Consult with the organization that provides you access to their services to learn more about changes to 
the privacy practices.
